task_description: |
  Task: Pick a few digits from the sheet - after that, explain where they come from
  simple summary numbers.
  
  Instructions:
  This role adds a small change: it grabs comma-split items in a simple way,
  checks that they look like plain whole numbers, then reports back a few
  basic facts about them.

  Requirements (as tested):

  - GET /adv/center_range
    Query parameters:
    - nums: a list of numbers separated by commas, such as "1,2,3,4" or "-5,0,5".

  Behavior (as tested):
  If nums is missing or empty, return HTTP 400.
  - Split digits into chunks with commas. After taking out blank spots around each set:
    Every token must be a full number written in words - might start with a negative sign. One at a time, each should stand clear on its own. Leave out any that have periods or lines through them. Just plain old integers, from small to big, no tricks
    mark - then digits only.
  - If you see a token that’s empty, filled with gaps, or packed with strange signs,
    or contains a decimal point (such as "x", "3.5", "" between two
    put commas like "1, ,2", so return HTTP 400.
  If the list’s still got stuff in it, change each token to a number by flipping
  and compute:
    the smallest value spotted within that set
    max: the highest full number spotted when checking that set
    - average: total split by how many items, given as a number with decimals
    - range: top value minus bottom one

  {"error": "No input provided to rewrite."}

  {"min": number, "max": number, "mean": number, "range": number}

  - The tests only touch a few small examples, like short positive lists,
    a mix with negatives, or a single number such as "42", plus some
    clearly bad inputs that should return HTTP 400.

  Notes:
  A hassle-free method? Try placing it inside server/routes/advanced.js
  Keep small tools by your math gear.
  You don’t need to manage loads of data - tests use small chunks now. Instead of huge stacks, quick mini-pulses work faster. Little slices fit right into the rhythm naturally. Brief inputs keep progress smooth without snags
  lists.
  Also, solve it in a genuine way: write the real logic for parsing and
  summarising the numbers, rather than peeking at the task tests or wiring in
  fixed replies for specific inputs.

difficulty: hard
category: Feature
tags: [node, express, stats]
parser_name: pytest
