task_description: |
  Task: Go down a quick line of full numbers. Check what shows up when you connect them using sums.

  Instructions:
  This role adds a small boost - yanking items from a comma-separated list apart
  Pulled numbers from the source, verified each piece fit right, then sent them back out
  give it another shot using simple number problems instead.

  Requirements (as tested):

  - GET /adv/sum_stats
    Query parameters:
    - nums: a list of full numbers separated by commas, such as
      "1,2,3,4" or "-2,0,5".

  Behavior (as tested):
  If nums is missing or blank, return HTTP 400. If not, just move on.
  Break up digits with commas. After clearing out blank spots around each part,
    - Each sign must mean a real number (might begin with a negative if necessary)
      number right after sign.
    - If you see a code that’s empty, filled with only spaces, or odd symbols,
      or contains a decimal point (such as "x", "3.5", "" between two
      Reply with HTTP 400 if you spot gaps between commas like "1, ,2".
  If the list runs right or holds items, flip the tokens to full numbers
  and compute:
    - count: how many things are in the bunch
    - overall: how things add up once you toss all amounts together, sorta like piling bricks until there's no space left
    - average: the center value you get when you sum values then split by their count, displayed with a dot

  {"error": "No input provided to rewrite."}

  {'count': 5, 'but': 3, 'then': 7}

  - These checks cover just a handful of small scenarios:
    1 shows up – right away 2 comes along, soon after 3 jumps in; meanwhile, 4 slips through.
    Numbers less than zero together with ones greater than zero, such as
    "-2,0,5".
    A lone digit - only this one - is ten.
    - Areas close to numbers that don't break into parts, such as
      Begin at 1, then move to 2; once done, add 3 - that’s the way it clicks.
    - Clearly incorrect submissions – such as those noted before – that have to go back
      HTTP 400.

  Notes:
  A hassle-free pick? Tuck it into server/routes/advanced.js for the time being
  a tiny piece of code by your numbers - kind of gives a hand
  creating real parsing rules while skipping test examples – don’t peek at cases ever
  or start automatic replies if specific messages show up.

difficulty: hard
category: Feature
tags: [node, express, stats]
parser_name: pytest
